If you don't know how to add something properly, ask Wean.

At the top level of each json should be the following keys and values:
    "book_abbr": The abbreviation for the book, for example, "sr3".
    "file_version": The version of the file itself. Increment this by 0.1 for minor changes, 1.0 and reduce decimal to 0
    for major changes.
    "schema_version": Version of the schema itself. Increment as explained above when the SCHEMA (this document) changes,
    and any asset jsons need to be updated.
    "book": Name of the book, for example, "Shadowrun 3 Core (FASA 7001)".

ALL ITEMS SHOULD HAVE A PAGE NUMBER. IF SOMETHING DOES NOT HAVE A PAGE NUMBER, PYSRCG WILL CRASH. THIS IS INTENTIONAL.
If a field is not specified in this document, it should be input as a string, or a number if purely numerical.

Anything that's "NA" or — in the books should be null in the json.

Weapons that are firearms, or can have firearm accessories added to them, must have a blank array property called
"firearm_accessories". This is to mark it as an object that can have firearm accessories attached.

Availability must be described in three variables: availability_rating, availability_time, and availability_unit.
availability_rating is the numerical value of the rating itself. e.g: 4/7 days would be availability_rating 4.
availability_time is the numerical value of the time to check again for availability. e.g 4/7 days would be availability_time 7.
availability_unit is the unit of time provided, a string. e.g. 4/7 days would be availability_unit "days".
If something is "always" available, rating and time should be 0, and unit should be "always".

Some items, cyberware, and other objects will have fields that have calculated values. PySRCG has a VERY simple engine
for parsing arithmetic and calculating it. It can handle operators like +,-,*, and /. It knows the correct order of
operations for these, but cannot handle parentheses.
For each calculated value, write its expression as a string. Each variable should also probably be given its own separate
field on the object (particularly for things like "rating") with the field's value set to the variable itself as a string.
Variables in expressions should always be lowercase and use underscores in place of spaces.
A very few variables will have "tiered" calculated variables, such as data encryption and decryption. These need to be
added in a specific manner. Add a sub object with the variable being checked as the key. For each tier, add a key with
that tier's minimum and maximum value separated by a semicolon, followed by the value for that tier.
For example, a Credstick Verification Reader's (sr3, p287) transaction limit value should look like this:
         "transaction_limit": {
          "rating": {
            ";1": 5000,
            "2;3": 20000,
            "4;5": 200000,
            "6;7": 500000,
            "8;": 1000000
          }
        },

Some items and powers will have an "options" dict. These are string keys with values that need to be set by the player.
This is an optional property with "aspects" as its key and a tuple of strings as its values. Those values will be turned
into keys by the application itself.
If options should be chosen from a set list of sub-options (like attributes to boost), the value for each option should
be a list of allowed options. Otherwise, if the player can enter anything they want in (like a skill), then simply put
its value as null.

Legality is simply given as a string. Letters should be capitalized. This may change in the future.

Items are gear, things like weapons and armor and security devices.
Damage codes for weapons should be written as a string.

Ammo and weapon accessories should go in their own sections.
Ammo should have a "count" property in other_fields.

Skills are input as objects with their name as the key, and two attributes: the (in-game) attribute the skill is tied to,
and the type of skill it is: "active", "knowledge", or "language".

Spells should have their name as the key, and four attributes: type, target, duration, and drain.

Adept powers should have their name as the key, and two attributes: cost, max_levels (null if unlimited)

Some cyberware and adept powers will modify attributes and pools. Ask wean how to input these.

Books with magical traditions should have a Traditions section of the json. Each tradition should have:
allowed_aspects: an Array of aspects (Sorcerer, Conjurer, etc) allowed by this magical tradition.
allowed_foci: an Array of focuses (all totems or all elements, or something else, NOT MAGICAL FOCI) for this magical tradition.
always_has_focus: a Boolean which should be True if the focus should be selectable even if the mage isn't aspected
focus_name: The name of the particular focus. Totem for Shamans, Element for hermetics.
IF ALWAYS_HAS_FOCUS IS FALSE FOR A BACKGROUND, ANY ASPECTS WHICH ALLOW FOR A FOCUS MUST HAVE AN ASTERISK AT THE END OF THE STRING

Adding foci/aspects from other books to already-existing traditions will probably be determined at a later date.
It will most likely be done by just merging two tradition objects with the same name.
